hey YouTube I'm doing almost 12 in the
morning
a lot of dark boots
make sure he eats all of those doctors I
have like 4 dark boots you will need
about 5 to get him to start liking dark
roots
though speaking dark food
sorry
under there I start free he has to eat
it he's going to become like his
father's shadow
finish it oh wow
to get this child I had a shadow and a
sonic me you were
there you go he's getting a burger if
you want to see in the example
here's a shadow child please how are
they look at the beginning when they
first evolve into a shadow top but to
make them into a dark now and dark
Peter
that's quite a lot of money
it's bathtub
you said no like it
to bond over each other you crying for
the dark just like in Sonic Adventure 2
GLaDOS to say you can't use that guy's
but you have to use dark lyrics for it
I'm still going to have five minute
videos because takes up a lot to this
good
stained his
I only play this game for about two
hours
I'm not going to it oh I should have
bought more nerdist